C:\Users\vamik.s\source\repos\C sharp Practice\obj\Debug\net6.0\C sharp Practice.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\vamik.s\source\repos\C sharp Practice\obj\Debug\net6.0\C sharp Practice.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\vamik.s\source\repos\C sharp Practice\obj\Debug\net6.0\C sharp Practice.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\vamik.s\source\repos\C sharp Practice\obj\Debug\net6.0\C sharp Practice.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\vamik.s\source\repos\C sharp Practice\bin\Debug\net6.0\C sharp Practice.exe
C:\Users\vamik.s\source\repos\C sharp Practice\bin\Debug\net6.0\C sharp Practice.deps.json
C:\Users\vamik.s\source\repos\C sharp Practice\bin\Debug\net6.0\C sharp Practice.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\vamik.s\source\repos\C sharp Practice\bin\Debug\net6.0\C sharp Practice.dll
C:\Users\vamik.s\source\repos\C sharp Practice\bin\Debug\net6.0\C sharp Practice.pdb
C:\Users\vamik.s\source\repos\C sharp Practice\obj\Debug\net6.0\C sharp Practice.dll
C:\Users\vamik.s\source\repos\C sharp Practice\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\C sharp Practice.dll
C:\Users\vamik.s\source\repos\C sharp Practice\obj\Debug\net6.0\C sharp Practice.pdb
C:\Users\vamik.s\source\repos\C sharp Practice\obj\Debug\net6.0\C sharp Practice.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\vamik.s\source\repos\C sharp Practice\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\C sharp Practice.dll
d:\Csharp_programs\C-Sharp-Program\bin\Debug\net6.0\C sharp Practice.exe
d:\Csharp_programs\C-Sharp-Program\bin\Debug\net6.0\C sharp Practice.deps.json
d:\Csharp_programs\C-Sharp-Program\bin\Debug\net6.0\C sharp Practice.runtimeconfig.json
d:\Csharp_programs\C-Sharp-Program\bin\Debug\net6.0\C sharp Practice.dll
d:\Csharp_programs\C-Sharp-Program\bin\Debug\net6.0\C sharp Practice.pdb
d:\Csharp_programs\C-Sharp-Program\obj\Debug\net6.0\C sharp Practice.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
d:\Csharp_programs\C-Sharp-Program\obj\Debug\net6.0\C sharp Practice.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
d:\Csharp_programs\C-Sharp-Program\obj\Debug\net6.0\C sharp Practice.AssemblyInfo.cs
d:\Csharp_programs\C-Sharp-Program\obj\Debug\net6.0\C sharp Practice.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Csharp_programs\C-Sharp-Program\obj\Debug\net6.0\C sharp Practice.sourcelink.json
d:\Csharp_programs\C-Sharp-Program\obj\Debug\net6.0\C sharp Practice.dll
d:\Csharp_programs\C-Sharp-Program\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\C sharp Practice.dll
d:\Csharp_programs\C-Sharp-Program\obj\Debug\net6.0\C sharp Practice.pdb
d:\Csharp_programs\C-Sharp-Program\obj\Debug\net6.0\C sharp Practice.genruntimeconfig.cache
d:\Csharp_programs\C-Sharp-Program\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\C sharp Practice.dll
